Are you the guys from Washington?
You get many other visitors out here?
How long you been on-site?
Since this morning.
A Russian oil team called
it in about 18 hours ago.
How come nobody spotted it before?
It's really not that surprising.
This landscape's changing all the time.
You got any idea
what this thing is exactly?
I don't know.
It's probably a weather balloon.
I don't think so.
You know, we don't have
the equipment for a job like this.
How long before
we can start craning it out?
I don't think you quite understand.
You guys are going to need
one hell of a crane.
Base, we're in.
What is this?
Careful.
Lieutenant.
What is it?
My God.
Base, get me a line to the Colonel.
It's 3:00 a.m., sir.
I don't care what time it is.
This one's waited long enough.
Hey, there he is. It's the bird man.
Now you like the bird.
Is that right?
Is that your bird?
I'm confused.
You said it wasn't…
but now it looks like you're best of pals.
You love that bird, don't you?
You know what? Take the bird.
Hey!
Take his pillows, too.
Both of them.
And his shoes. Take his shoes.
I took your stuff.
How does that make you feel?
Do you feel bad?
Good.
Because that's how I feel!
We had a contract.
I saved your life…
and you give me suits.
That was our deal.
And you did not deliver.
I don't know if you're a genius or a fraud.
I don't know what you are.
Something really, really great
fell into my lap.
And if it hadn't…
I'd be at your mercy tonight.
Now I have a piece of Stark tech…
that I pimped out myself.
And now your overpriced paperweights…
are gonna look like a backdrop
to my demonstration.
Do you dig what I'm getting at here?
You talk too much.
I don't know if you noticed…
but I don't speak Russian!
I'm gonna leave now.
I'm gonna go to the Expo.
Maybe I'll even get laid.
You see these guys?
They're your babysitters.
They are not to be trifled with.
When I get back,
we're gonna renegotiate…
the terms of our agreement.
And you're gonna make good
on our arrangement…
because if you don't…
you're gonna be exactly what you were
when I found you…
a dead man.
You got that?
Maybe you can watch me on TV.
Dummy, you, can we
clean up this mess?
You're killing me.
You know I don't...
Incoming call with
a blocked number, sir.
My phone privilege is reinstated.
Lovely.
Coulson.
How's the Land of Enchantment?
Hey Tony, how you doing?
I double cycle.
You what?
You told me double
cycle's more power.
Good advice.
You sound pretty sprightly
for a dead guy.
You, too.
Trace him.
Sir.
Now…
the true history of Stark
name will be written.
Jarvis, where is he?
Accessing the Oracle grid.
Eastern Seaboard.
What your father did
to my family over 40 years…
I will do to you in 40 minutes.
Sounds good.
Let's get together and hash it out.
Tri-State area.
Manhattan and outlying boroughs.
I hope you're ready.
Call trace incomplete.
- Sir...
- You want to run some tests, run them.
And assemble the suit while you're at it.
Put it together now.
- We are unclear as to the effects--
- I don't want to hear it, Jarvis.
That tastes like coconut.
And metal.
Oh, wow, yeah!
Heimdall, open the Bifrost.
Heimdall?
Welcome to Asgard.
He doesn't answer.
Then we are stranded.
Heimdall!
If you can hear me, we need you now!
Heimdall! We need you now!
Heimdall!
I must go back to Asgard,
but I give you my word…
I will return for you.
Deal?
Deal.
Get him to the healing room!
Leave my brother to me.
I'll keep the car down here, alright?
Thank you, Happy.
Justin Hammer. His presentation
will begin shortly in the main pavilion.
Yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
Thanks for coming.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for far too long this country…
has had to place its brave
men and women in harm's way…
but then the Iron Man arrived…
and we thought the days
of losing lives were behind us.
Sadly, that technology
was kept out of reach.
That's not fair. That's not right.
And it's just too bad.
Oh, Lord.
Regardless, it was
an impressive innovation…
one that grabbed headlines
the world over.
Well today my friends…
the press is faced
with quite a different problem.
They are about to run out of ink.
Get that out of here.
Ladies and gentlemen…
today I present to you…
the new face…
of the United States military.
The Hammer drone.
Army!
Navy!
Air Force!
Marines!
Yeah! Yeah!
That's a hell of a lot better than
some cheerleaders, let me tell you.
But as revolutionary
as this technology is…
there will always be a need for man
to be present in the theatre of war.
Ladies and gentlemen,
today I am proud to present to you…
the very first prototype in…
the Variable Threat Response
Battle Suit…
and its pilot, Air Force
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes.
What?
For America and its allies…
Hammer Industries is reporting for…
We got trouble.
Tony, there are civilians present.
I'm here on orders.
Let's not do this right now.
Give them a wave.
Hey, alright. Yeah.
All these people are in danger.
We got to get them out of here.
You got to trust me
for the next five minutes.
Yeah, I tried that. I got tossed
around your house, remember?
Listen, I think he's working with Vanko.
Vanko's alive?
Where is he?
What?
Where's Vanko?
Who?
Tell me.
What are you doing here, man?
Is that you?
No, I'm not doing that. That's not me.
I can't move. I'm locked up.
I'm locked up!
Get out of here. Go! This whole
system's been compromised.
Let's take it outside.
No. No!
Jarvis, break in. I need to own him.
Yes, sir.
Tony, Tony, I'm locked on.
I have target lock.
On what?
On you.
Tony, on your six!
What's going on? What's happening?
The software's been overridden.
What? What do you mean
it's been overridden?
What does that mean?
I think he slaved the drones.
That's impossible.
- Call the guards.
- All the phones are down, sir.
Well, then call their… Call their cells.
Their cell phones
are not working, either, sir.
He's locked us out of the mainframe.
Who's locked you out of the mainframe?
Please, please, go away. Go away.
- I've got this handled.
- Have you now?
Yes, I do.
In fact, if your guy hadn't showed up,
this wouldn't be happening.
So please, now go away. Thank you.
Listen, we got to get
these bitches out of here.
What?
You tell me who's behind this.
Who's behind this?
Ivan. Iv…
Ivan Vanko.
Where is he?
He's at my facility.
- I need NYPD, please.
- No, no, no, no!
- Command Central.
- No, no, honey.
- Don't call the authorities.
- Ok. Right away. Right away.
Step aside. Step aside.
Tell me everything you know. Go.
It's said…
you can still hear and see
what transpires around you.
I hope it's true…
so that you may know…
your death came…
at the hand…
of Laufey.
And your death came
by the son of Odin.
Loki!
You saved him!
I swear to you, Mother…
that they will pay for what
they've done today.
Loki.
Thor!
I knew you'd return to us.
Why don't you tell her…
how you sent the Destroyer
to kill our friends, to kill me?
What?
Why, it must have been enforcing
Father's last command.
You're a talented liar, Brother.
Always have been.
It's good to have you back.
Now if you'll excuse me…
I have to destroy Jotunheim.
How are we doing, Jarvis?
Remote reboot unsuccessful.
Go. This way.
Nobody's answering the phone.
What's going on?
Get in the car.
Take me to Hammer Industries.
- I'm not taking you anywhere.
- Fine. You want me to drive?
No, I'm driving. Get in the car.
Nice work, kid.
- You got multiples coming in on you.
- Let's get this away from the Expo.
When we arrive,
I need you to watch the perimeter.
I'm gonna enter the facility
and take down the target.
Watch the road.
I got it. I got it.
Listen, listen.
A pack just peeled off.
They're headed back to the Expo.
Got it.
I'm closing on you.
Ordinance coming in hot, Tony.
Watch it.
Stay in the car.
I'm not staying in the car.
I said, stay in the car.
What are you wearing?
Look, I'm not letting you
go in there alone.
You want to help?
Keep the car running.
Ok.
Hey, hey, hey. You can't come in here.
Hold on. Hey!
Each set of drones is communicating
in its own unique language.
Well, choose one and focus on that.
Have you tried Russian?
Why don't you try Russian?
Attention. We have intrusion on Grid W.
We got it. We're on our way.
I got him!
You can't stop it.
The Bifrost will build until
it rips Jotunheim apart.
Jane?
Why have you done this?
To prove to Father
that I am the worthy son.
When he wakes,
I will have saved his life.
I will have destroyed that
race of monsters.
And I will be true heir to the throne!
You can't kill an entire race!
Why not?
And what is this newfound love
for the Frost Giants?
You…
could have killed them
all with your bare hands.
- I've changed.
- So have I.
Now fight me.
I never wanted the throne!
I only ever wanted to be your equal.
I will not fight you, Brother!
I'm not your brother.
I never was.
Loki, this is madness.
Is it madness?
Is it?
Come on. What happened to you
on Earth that turned you so soft?
Don't tell me it was that woman.
It was!
Well, maybe,
when we're finished here…
I'll pay her a visit myself!
Thor!
Brother, please.
Enough!
Look at you…
the Mighty Thor…
with all your strength…
and what good does it do you now?
Do you hear me, Brother?
There's nothing you can do!
What are you doing?
If you destroy the bridge,
you'll never see her again!
Forgive me, Jane.
Rhodey, you still locked on?
Yeah.
Drop your socks and grab your Crocs.
We're about to get wet on this ride.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
He's gone.
I'm sorry, buddy.
Had to thin out the herd.
What's your 20?
What are you doing?
I'm rebooting Rhodey's suit.
Tony!
Reboot complete.
You got your best friend back.
Thank you very much,
Agent Romanoff.
Well done with the new chest piece.
I am reading significantly higher output
and your vitals all look promising.
Yes, for the moment, I'm not dying.
Thank you.
What do you mean you're not dying?
Did you just say you're dying?
Is that you? No, I'm not.
Not any more.
What's going on?
I was going to tell you.
I didn't want to alarm you.
You were gonna tell me?
You really were dying?
- You didn't let me.
- Why didn't you tell me that?
I was gonna make you an omelette
and tell you.
Hey, hey. Save it for the honeymoon.
You got incoming, Tony.
Looks like the fight's coming to you.
- Great. Pepper?
- Are you ok now?
I am fine. Don't be mad.
- I will formally apologise…
- I am mad!
…when I'm not fending off
a Hammeroid attack.
Fine.
We could have been in Venice.
Oh, please.
Rhodes?
Snap out of it, buddy. I need you.
They're coming.
Come on, let's roll. Get up.
Oh, man. You can have your suit back.
You ok?
Yeah, thanks.
Tony, look, I'm sorry.
Ok?
Don't be.
No. I should have trusted you more.
I'm the one who put you in this position.
Forget it.
No. It's your fault.
I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
Thank you.
That's all I wanted to hear.
Partner.
They're coming in hot…
any second. What's the play?
Well, we want to take
the high ground, ok?
So let's put the biggest gun up on that ridge.
Got you.
- Where do you want to be?
- Where are you going?
- What're you talking about?
- I meant me.
You have a big gun.
You are not the big gun.
Tony, don't be jealous.
No. It's subtle, all the bells and whistles.
- Yeah, it's called being a badass.
- Fine.
Alright.
You go up top. I'll draw them in.
Don't stay down here.
This is the worst place to be.
Ok, you got a spot.
Where's mine?
It's the kill box, Tony. Ok?
This is where you go to die.
- See that?
- Yeah, yeah, nice.
Rhodey?
Get down.
I think you should lead with that next time.
Yeah. Sorry, boss. I can only use it once.
It's a one-off.
I told you that five minutes ago.
That's your guy here.
- Excuse me?
- You're being placed under arrest.
- Are you kidding me?
- Hands behind your back, sir.
I'm trying to help here.
I get it. I see what you're doing.
You're trying to pin this on me?
That's good. That's good.
You're starting to think like a CEO…
taking out the competition.
I like that.
You think you're making a problem for me?
I'm gonna make a problem for you.
I'm gonna be seeing you again
real soon.
When they get here, I think
you should station them at the south…
east and both west exits.
We shut down the 7 train
in and out of Willets Point already.
Well, have city buses there
to ferry people to operating lines.
Yeah. Are you coming with us?
No, I'm gonna stay till the park is clear.
Ok.
Heads up.
You got one more drone incoming.
This one looks different.
The repulsor signature
is significantly higher.
Good to be back.
This ain't gonna be good.
I got something special for this guy.
I'm gonna bust his bunker with the Ex-Wife.
With the what?
Hammer tech?
Yeah.
I got this.
Rhodes. I got an idea.
You want to be a hero?
What?
I could really use a sidekick.
Put your hand up.
This is your idea?
Yep.
I'm ready. I'm ready.
Go, go, go!
Take it.
You lose.
All these drones are rigged to blow.
We got to get out of here, man.
Pepper?
Oh, my God! I can't take this any more.
You can't?
I can't take this.
Well, look at me.
My body literally
cannot handle the stress.
I never know if you're gonna…
kill yourself or wreck the whole company.
I think I did ok.
I quit. I'm resigning.
That's it.
What did you just say?
You're done?
That's surprising.
No, it's not surprising.
I get it.
You don't have to make any excuses.
I'm… I'm… I'm not making any excuses.
You actually were just making excuses…
- …but you don't have to.
- No, I wasn't making an excuse.
- I'm actually very justified.
- Listen. Hey, hey.
- You deserve better.
- Well…
You've taken such good care of me.
I've been in a tough spot,
but you got me through it, so…
Right?
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Thank you for understanding.
Yeah, yeah. Let's. Let's talk.
Let's talk clean-up.
I'll handle the transition.
- It'll be smooth.
- Ok. What about the press?
Because you only had the job for a week.
That's gonna seem…
- Well, with you it's like dog years.
- I know.
I mean, it's like the Presidency…
Weird.
- No, it's not weird.
- It's ok, right?
- Yeah.
- Run that by me again.
I think it was weird.
You guys look like…
two seals fighting over a grape.
- I had just quit, actually.
- Yeah, so we're not…
You don't have to do that.
I heard the whole thing.
- You should get lost.
- I was here first. Get a roof.
- I thought you were out of one-liners.
- That's the last one.
You kicked ass back there, by the way.
Thank you. You, too.
Listen, my car got taken out
in the explosion…
so I'm gonna have to hang on
to your suit for a minute, ok?
Not ok. Not ok with that.
It wasn't a question.
How are you gonna resign…
if I don't accept?
I could have done it, Father!
I could have done it!
For you!
For all of us!
No, Loki.
Loki, no.
No!
No.
It's gone.
And then, with a mighty bellow…
I flew into the giant metal creature
and laid him low!
Is that another way of saying
you fell on your huge ass?
As a matter of fact…
falling was a tactic
of lulling the Destroyer...
My Queen, I'm so sorry for your loss.
How is he?
He mourns for his brother.
And...
He misses her.
The mortal.
You'll be a wise king.
There will never be
a wiser king than you.
Or a better father.
I have…
much to learn.
I know that now.
Someday, perhaps…
I shall make you proud.
You've already made me proud.
So Earth is lost to us.
No.
There is always hope.
Can you see her?
Yes.
I have the particle detectors!
Darcy, do you have the S.H.I.E.L.D.
satellite codes?
Yeah. Have you seen my taser?
How is she?
In the car.
Come on, Jane!
She searches for you.
I don't think I want you looking at that.
I'm not sure it pertains to you any more.
Now this, on the other hand…
is Agent Romanoff's assessment of you.
Read it.
Personality overview. Mr Stark displays
compulsive behaviour.
In my own defence, that was last week.
Prone to self-destructive tendencies.
I was dying.
I mean, please. And aren't we all?
Textbook narcissism?
Agreed.
Ok, here it is.
Recruitment assessment for Avenger Initiative.
Iron Man? Yes.
I got to think about it.
Read on.
Tony Stark not…
Not recommended?
That doesn't make any sense.
How can you approve me
but not approve me?
I got a new ticker.
I'm trying to do right by Pepper.
I'm in a stable-ish relationship.
Which leads us to believe at this juncture…
we'd only like to use you as a consultant.
You can't afford me.
Then again, I will waive my
customary retainer in exchange for…
a small favour.
Rhodey and I are being
honoured in Washington and…
we need a presenter.
I'll see what I can do.
It is my honour to be here today…
to present these distinguished awards…
to Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes
and Mr Tony Stark…
who is, of course,
a national treasure.
Thank you, Lieutenant Colonel…
for such an exceptionally
distinguished performance.
- You deserve this.
- Thank you, sir.
Mr Stark.
Thank you for such an exceptionally
distinguished performance.
You deserve this.
Oh, sorry.
Funny how annoying
a little prick can be, isn't it?
Let's get a photo.
Curve ball,
high and outside for ball one.
So the Dodgers are tied, 4-4.
And the crowd well knows that
with one swing of his bat…
this fellow's capable of making it
a brand-new game again.
Just an absolutely gorgeous day
here at Ebbets Field.
The Phillies have managed
to tie it up at 4-4.
But the Dodgers have three men on.
Pearson beaned Reiser
in Philadelphia last month.
Wouldn't the youngster like a hit here
to return the favor?
Pete leans in.
Here's the pitch.
Swung on.
A line to the right.
And it gets past Rizzo.
Three runs will score.
Reiser heads to third.
Durocher's going to wave him in.
Here comes the relay,
but they won't get him.
Good morning.
Or should I say afternoon?
Where am I?
You're in a recovery room
in New York City.
The Dodgers take the lead, 8-4.
Oh, Dodgers.
Everyone is on their feet.
What a game we have here today, folks.
What a game, indeed.
Where am I really?
I am afraid I don't understand.
The game.
It's from May 1941.
I know, because I was there.
Now, I am going to ask you again.
Where am I?
Captain Rogers.
Who are you?
Captain Rogers, wait.
All agents, code 13.
I repeat.
At ease, soldier.
Look, I am sorry about that
little show back there but…
we thought it best
to break it to you slowly.
Break what?
You have been asleep, Cap.
For almost 70 years.
You going to be ok?
Yeah.
Yeah, I just…
I had a date.